if I find that someone's being sexually assaulted or harassed, Um, if
I'm in their chain of command, if I'm the next person up, then one of
the things I would probably do is go find the victim's advocate or
the SAARC and try to make some kind of connection between the two people.
I'm not really supposed to be involved in those types of things.
I definitely don't want Thio have some kind of say in the promotion,
um, the wards, the career progression of either of the two. So
that's something that you wanna actually separate yourself from as much
as possible for lower level things. You know, like quick things.
Yeah, you can handle it on the lowest level possible. But if it's enough
for me to think you know what this needs expert, it needs an expert
opinion. I'll be the first person to go to the VA or the Stark